adding nix pills to external sources. (#649)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/contributing/documentation.md

[NixOS Wiki]: https://nixos.wiki/
[NixCon 2015: Make Nix friendlier for Beginners]: https://media.ccc.de/v/nixcon2015-3-MakeNixfriendlierforBeginners#video

### Nix Pills

> [Nix Pills](https://nixos.org/guides/nix-pills/) is a series of blog posts written to give an in-depth introduction and guide to Nix. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Nix Pills](https://nixos.org/guides/nix-pills/) is a series low-level tutorials on building software packages with Nix, showing in detail how Nixpkgs is made from first principles. 
```

It was originally written by Luca Bruno. 
Work is currently being done to update the Nix Pills to be more up-to-date with the current state of Nix.

> Furthermore, work is underway to migrate the technical infrastructure of Nix Pills to improve maintainability and make it easier for others to contribute.

Reviewer: This needs instructions regarding what to do if you have some time.

- Make examples work correctly
- Add links to reference documentation where needed
- Update versions and names
- etc.

Reviewer: This should also link to the issue tracker, ideally with a query for `good first issue` labels.

[NixOS Wiki]: https://nixos.wiki/
[NixCon 2015: Make Nix friendlier for Beginners]: https://media.ccc.de/v/nixcon2015-3-MakeNixfriendlierforBeginners#video

### Nix Pills

> [Nix Pills](https://nixos.org/guides/nix-pills/) is a series low-level tutorials on building software packages with Nix, showing in detail how Nixpkgs is made from first principles. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Nix Pills](https://nixos.org/guides/nix-pills/) is a series of low-level tutorials on building software packages with Nix, showing in detail how Nixpkgs is made from first principles. 
```
